README.md, before:

# Convert Word to Image in C#

This repository contains examples that illustrates how to convert Word documents to images programmatically in C#. The Syncfusion [.NET&nbsp;Word library](https://www.syncfusion.com/document-processing/word-framework/net/word-library?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=word-to-image-examples) (DocIO) converts a Word document to images with just five lines of code and also it does not require Microsoft Word application to be installed in the machine. It preserves the original appearance of the Word document in the converted image.

# Key Features

-	[Preview the Word document](Convert-Word-to-image/) - Convert an entire document to images 
-	[Thumbnail of Word document](First-page-of-Word-to-image/) - Convert first page of Word document to image 
-	[Print particular pages in Word document](Specific-range-of-pages-to-image/) - Convert specific range of pages to images 

# Resources

- **Product page:** [Syncfusion Word Framework](https://www.syncfusion.com/document-processing/word-framework/net?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=word-to-image-examples)
- **Documentation:** [Convert Word to image using Syncfusion Word library](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/word-to-image)
- **Online demo:** [Syncfusion Word library - Online demos](https://ej2.syncfusion.com/aspnetcore/DocIO/SalesInvoice)

# Supported File Formats
Convert commonly used file formats into images such as,

-	[DOC](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/word-file-formats)
-	[DOCX](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/word-file-formats)
-	[RTF](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/rtf)
-	[WordML](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/word-file-formats#word-processing-xml-xml)
-	[TXT](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/text)
-	[HTML](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/html)

# How to run the examples

- Download this project to a location in your disk.
-	Open the solution file using Visual Studio.
-	Rebuild the solution to install the required NuGet packages.
-	Run the application.

# Syncfusion .NET Word Library
The Syncfusion [.NET Word library](https://www.syncfusion.com/document-processing/word-framework/net/word-library?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=word-to-image-examples) (DocIO) allows you to add advanced Word document processing functionalities to any .NET application and does not require Microsoft Word application to be installed in the machine. It is a non-UI component that provides a full-fledged document instance model similar to the Microsoft Office COM libraries to iterate with the document elements explicitly and perform necessary manipulation. Take a moment to peruse the [documentation](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/getting-started), where you can find basic Word document processing options along with the features like [mail merge](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/working-with-mail-merge), [merge](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/word-document/merging-word-documents) and [split](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/word-document/split-word-documents) documents, [find and replace](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/working-with-find-and-replace) text in the Word document, [protect](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/working-with-security) the Word documents, and most importantly, the [PDF](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/word-to-pdf) and [Image](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/word-to-image) conversions with code examples.

# Support and feedback
For any other queries, reach our [Syncfusion support team](https://support.syncfusion.com/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=word-to-image-examples) or post the queries through the [community forums](https://www.syncfusion.com/forums?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=word-to-image-examples).

Request new feature through [Syncfusion feedback portal](https://www.syncfusion.com/feedback?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=word-to-image-examples).

Commit message:

Added blog reference
Added blog reference

README.md, after:

# Convert Word to Image in C#

This repository contains examples that illustrates how to convert Word documents to images programmatically in C#. The Syncfusion [.NET&nbsp;Word library](https://www.syncfusion.com/document-processing/word-framework/net/word-library?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=word-to-image-examples) (DocIO) converts a Word document to images with just five lines of code and also it does not require Microsoft Word application to be installed in the machine. It preserves the original appearance of the Word document in the converted image.

## Key Features

-	[Preview the Word document](Convert-Word-to-image/) - Convert an entire document to images 
-	[Thumbnail of Word document](First-page-of-Word-to-image/) - Convert first page of Word document to image 
-	[Print particular pages in Word document](Specific-range-of-pages-to-image/) - Convert specific range of pages to images 

## Resources

- **Product page:** [Syncfusion Word Framework](https://www.syncfusion.com/document-processing/word-framework/net?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=word-to-image-examples)
- **Documentation:** [Convert Word to image using Syncfusion Word library](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/word-to-image)
- **Online demo:** [Syncfusion Word library - Online demos](https://ej2.syncfusion.com/aspnetcore/DocIO/SalesInvoice)

## Supported File Formats
Convert commonly used file formats into images such as,

-	[DOC](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/word-file-formats)
-	[DOCX](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/word-file-formats)
-	[RTF](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/rtf)
-	[WordML](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/word-file-formats#word-processing-xml-xml)
-	[TXT](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/text)
-	[HTML](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/html)

## How to run the examples

- Download this project to a location in your disk.
-	Open the solution file using Visual Studio.
-	Rebuild the solution to install the required NuGet packages.
-	Run the application.

## Syncfusion .NET Word Library
The Syncfusion [.NET Word library](https://www.syncfusion.com/document-processing/word-framework/net/word-library?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=word-to-image-examples) (DocIO) allows you to add advanced Word document processing functionalities to any .NET application and does not require Microsoft Word application to be installed in the machine. It is a non-UI component that provides a full-fledged document instance model similar to the Microsoft Office COM libraries to iterate with the document elements explicitly and perform necessary manipulation. Take a moment to peruse the [documentation](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/getting-started), where you can find basic Word document processing options along with the features like [mail merge](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/working-with-mail-merge), [merge](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/word-document/merging-word-documents) and [split](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/word-document/split-word-documents) documents, [find and replace](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/working-with-find-and-replace) text in the Word document, [protect](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/working-with-security) the Word documents, and most importantly, the [PDF](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/word-to-pdf) and [Image](https://help.syncfusion.com/file-formats/docio/word-to-image) conversions with code examples.

## Support and feedback
For any other queries, reach our [Syncfusion support team](https://support.syncfusion.com/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=word-to-image-examples) or post the queries through the [community forums](https://www.syncfusion.com/forums?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=word-to-image-examples).

Request new feature through [Syncfusion feedback portal](https://www.syncfusion.com/feedback?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=word-to-image-examples).

## Blog reference
[3 Easy Ways to Convert Word Documents to Images in C#](https://www.syncfusion.com/blogs/post/convert-word-documents-to-images-in-csharp.aspx)
